c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\SimpleSearchMVCApp.dll.config
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\SimpleSearchMVCApp.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\SimpleSearchMVCApp.pdb
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Hyak.Common.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Common.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Common.NetFramework.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Search.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Hyak.Common.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Common.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Common.NetFramework.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Search.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\de\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\es\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\fr\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\it\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\ja\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\ko\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\ru\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\obj\Debug\SimpleSearchMVCApp.csproj.App.config
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\obj\Debug\SimpleSearchMVCApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\obj\Debug\SimpleSearchMVCApp.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\obj\Debug\SimpleSearchMVCApp.pdb
C:\Users\Luiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Common.dll
C:\Users\Luiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureSeachDotNetDemo\SimpleSearchMVCApp\bin\Common.pdb
